Layers endpoint description (#141)
resource-watch/doc-api: source/includes/concept/_layer.md

Apart from the possibility of fetching data from multiple data sources using a common interface, the RW API provides you with features to help you visualize such data. A **layer** is one of the resources that you can use to help you make custom visualizations for your data, and they play a very important role when visualizing datasets that contain geospatial data.

> A layer is a visual specification of how the data of a dataset can be rendered and styled on a map. It stores data that will help your applications render dataset data as a map layer, using tools like [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/), [Mapbox](https://www.mapbox.com/) or [Layer Manager](https://github.com/Vizzuality/layer-manager). In this sense, it's important to emphasise that a layer object does not store the actual data to be represented - it instead stores the information that those rendering tools will use to render your data. Rephrasing it: the data should come from the dataset (through queries), while a layer provides the information about how that data is meant to be rendered by the corresponding rendering tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A layer is a visual specification of how the data of a dataset can be rendered and styled on a map. It stores data that will help your applications render dataset data as a map layer, using tools like [Leaflet](https://leafletjs.com/), [Mapbox GL JS](https://docs.mapbox.com/mapbox-gl-js/api/) or [Layer Manager](https://github.com/Vizzuality/layer-manager). In this sense, it's important to emphasise that a layer object does not store the actual data to be represented - it instead stores the information that those rendering tools will use to render your data. Rephrasing it: the data should come from the dataset (through queries), while a layer provides the information about how that data is meant to be rendered by the corresponding rendering tool.
```
